Hello all.
Welcome to the specialization
on the Internet of Things.
The Internet of Things overview point is
the convergence of multiple technologies.
We will talk about telephone network,
circuit switch and
a lot of innovations give rise to
broadcast radio and television.
And that, in turn led to consumer
electronics and the growth of content.
Around this time, 1972, DARPA commissioned
the development of Internet to do
one thing that could not be done
with the telephone networks and
the broadcast networks at that time,
that is reliability.
And as we all know,
Internet delivered on reliability and
went on to subsume the functionality of
telephone networks and broadcast networks.
So the next big converging technology
was wireless technologies,
and that gave us wireless Internet and
the smartphones.
And in this course, we are going
to use the smartphone platform
to teach you the Internet of Things and
what the future might be.
The IOT platform, the indications are,
it will give us new products and
services in the space of automotive
industry, healthcare, robotics.
The unique thing about this course,
this series of courses is completely
hands on and lab oriented.
And I would like to come and
introduce the lab parts about that.
Hello come on in.
>> Hey thanks.
Hey guys, you probably all are looking to
take this course because you're interested
to build on Internet of Things And
I think you've come to the right place.
This is going to be really hands on
most of the courses here are built by
the students of UCSD.
You're going to be working with
this aero electronics dragon
board potency which runs at
falcon snap dragon processor.
This is a kind of you can think of it
like if you take out this smart phone
open up the hood.
What you'd find is components in here, so
this will form the core of the course.
To follow along you would buy one
of these, it's not a big deal,
it's not that expensive.
But, I want to pause here and kind of give
you a snap shot of what you're going to
experience throughout this course.
You're going to see some of the lab
projects you'll be building.
And after that, you finally end up
with a Capstone project where you'll
create your own ideas and
build on it using the.
Anyway, leave now to give a little trailer
of what you'll experience in the course
and hope to see you in course one.
[MUSIC]
Hey guys, want to introduce you to the
rest of the team, made the move possible.
Want to start with Robert here but
before that I wanted to say this,
two students are missing here, Randy and
Eukridge,but you'll get to see
them later throughout the course.
I'll start with the chief
of students Robert.
>> Thanks.
I'm Robert Wolf.
I just recently graduated here at
UCSD with electrical engineering and
I look forward to meeting everyone
throughout these courses coming up.
>> I'm Eric Urel.
I'm a grad student in the EC
department here at UCSD and
I'm here to teach you guys some Parkour.
Just kidding.
[LAUGH] We're here for Electrical.
>> My name's Jacob Torrado.
I'm a third year here studying
computer science at UCSD.
And I'm ready for the course.
>> And I'm I'm also third year at
UCAD doing computer engineering.
And I'm going to have a great time
doing these courses with you guys.
>> And finally,
I want to introduce you to the video crew
which made the whole course possible.
Hector, Alex, Joel,
please come in and say hi.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Do a little selfie of yourself.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Hopefully we'll see you guys in
course one.
Please come back.